it's all about getting out there and
learning something new and so what I
love about events like this is the
density of information is incredible and
it's what makes coming all the way to
the south of France worth it is you're
getting to meet people that really can
teach you something that otherwise might
have taken you a lot longer to learn you
have to be piecing it together from a
lot of random places you're going right
to the source so we're literally walking
away from a meeting that we just have
with Twitter just fantastic Twitter's
our slowest growing platform so that was
the one that was really a priority to
get in there and find out like hey what
are we doing wrong so mostly I'm posting
just text so if I do on Instagram I've
got the image and I've got a lot of
coffee
I'll pull like the juiciest line of copy
and tweet it out and when you're able to
displace your ego and really just sit at
somebody's feet and learn you'll be
amazed at what you can get so talking to
these guys understanding what their
strategy is where they're going what's
valuable to them what they look for in
partners what they think makes great
content what's popping like all of it
was just really really incredible and
been trying to have as many meetings
like that it's seemingly possible
sitting in on panels and learning what
people are looking at in data what's
driving the algorithms what's coming in
the future like all of that stuff
[Music]